c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.StorageUtility.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SynchRestWebApi.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SynchRestWebApi.pdb
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\chhan\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.StorageUtility.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SendGridPlus.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SendGridPlus.pdb
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SendGridPlus.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SynchRestWebApi.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SynchRestWebApi.dll.config
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SynchRestWebApi.pdb
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\DevDefined.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\DotNetOpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.AsyncServices.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Core.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Data.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Exception.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Retry.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Security.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Services.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Utility.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.StorageUtility.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\QBDIntegrationWorker.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\QBDIntegrationWorker.dll.config
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\QBDIntegrationWorker.pdb
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\chhan\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\MigraDoc.DocumentObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\MigraDoc.Rendering.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\MigraDoc.RtfRendering.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\PdfSharp.Charting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\PdfSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.StorageUtility.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\MigraDoc.DocumentObjectModel.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\MigraDoc.DocumentObjectModel.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\MigraDoc.Rendering.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\MigraDoc.Rendering.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\MigraDoc.RtfRendering.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\MigraDoc.RtfRendering.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\PdfSharp.Charting.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\PdfSharp.Charting.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\PdfSharp.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\PdfSharp.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SendGridPlus.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SendGridPlus.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SynchRestWebApi.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SynchRestWebApi.dll.config
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SynchRestWebApi.pdb
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\DevDefined.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\DotNetOpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.AsyncServices.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Core.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Data.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Exception.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Retry.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Security.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Services.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Utility.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.Data.Services.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.StorageUtility.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\QBDIntegrationWorker.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\QBDIntegrationWorker.dll.config
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\QBDIntegrationWorker.pdb
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Changhao\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\MigraDoc.DocumentObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\MigraDoc.Rendering.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\MigraDoc.RtfRendering.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\PdfSharp.Charting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\PdfSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.StorageUtility.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\MigraDoc.DocumentObjectModel.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\MigraDoc.DocumentObjectModel.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\MigraDoc.Rendering.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\MigraDoc.Rendering.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\MigraDoc.RtfRendering.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\MigraDoc.RtfRendering.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\PdfSharp.Charting.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\PdfSharp.Charting.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\PdfSharp.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\PdfSharp.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SendGridPlus.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SendGridPlus.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SynchRestWebApi.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SynchRestWebApi.dll.config
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SynchRestWebApi.pdb
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\DevDefined.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\DotNetOpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.AsyncServices.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Core.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Data.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Exception.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Retry.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Security.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Services.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Intuit.Ipp.Utility.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.Data.Services.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.StorageUtility.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\QBDIntegrationWorker.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\QBDIntegrationWorker.dll.config
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\QBDIntegrationWorker.pdb
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\QBDIntegrationWorker\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Han\Documents\GitHub\Synch-AzureCloudService\SynchAzureServiceV2\SynchAzureCloudServiceV2\obj\Debug\SynchRestWebApi\bin\SendGridPlus.pdb
